Examples: explain what the duration in brackets means (#10537)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/querying/examples.md

    http_requests_total{job="apiserver", handler="/api/comments"}

> Return a whole range of time (in this case 5 minutes up to the current instant)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return a whole range of time (in this case 5 minutes up to the query time)
```

> for the same vector, making it a [range vector](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/querying/basics/#range-vector-selectors):

Reviewer: Can we make this a relative link? Thanks
